docs: update  affix to data-table doc (#126)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/data-table/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| Name | Type | Default | Description |

> | --- | --- | --- | --- |

Reviewer: 英文句号

| bordered | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to show border |
| bottom-bordered | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to show bottom border |
| checked-row-keys | `Array<string \| number>` | `undefined` | The keys of checked rows. |
| cascade | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to do cascade checking when using tree data. |
| children-key | `string` | `'children'` | The key of children data in tree data's data entity. |
| columns | `Array<Column>` | `[]` | Columns to display. |
| data | `Array<object>` | `[]` | Data to display. |

> | default-checked-row-keys | `Array<string \| number>` | `[]` | The key value selected by default |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| default-checked-row-keys | `Array<string \| number>` | `[]` | The checked keys by default. |
```

| indent | `number` | `16` | Indent of row content when using tree data. |

> | loading | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to display loading status during data request |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| loading | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to display loading status. |
```

| max-height | `number \| string` | `undefined` | The max-height of the table content. Can be a CSS value. |
| min-height | `number \| string` | `undefined` | The min-height of the table content. Can be a CSS value. |
| pagination | `false \| object` | `false` | See [Pagination props](pagination#Props) |
| paging | `boolean` | `true` | If data-table do automatic paging. You may set it to `false` in async usage. |

> | row-class-name | `string \| (rowData: object, rowIndex : number) => string \| object` | `undefined` | Class name on each line |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| row-class-name | `string \| (rowData: object, rowIndex : number) => string \| object` | `undefined` | Class name of each row. |
```

| row-key | `(rowData: object) => (number \| string)` | `undefined` | Generate the key of the row by row data (if you don't want to set the key) |

> | row-props | `(rowData: object, rowIndex : number) => object` | `undefined` | Custom row attributes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| row-props | `(rowData: object, rowIndex : number) => object` | `undefined` | Customize row attributes. |
```

| scroll-x | `number \| string` | `undefined` | If columns are horizontal fixed, scroll-x need to be set |
| single-column | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to display as a column (when true, each column has border-bottom) |

> | single-line | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to display as a line (when true, each line has border-bottom) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| single-line | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to display as a line (when true, each row has border-bottom) |
```

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| bordered | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to show border. |
| bottom-bordered | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to show bottom border. |

> | checked-row-keys | `Array<string \| number>` | `undefined` | The checked keys by default. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| checked-row-keys | `Array<string \| number>` | `undefined` | The keys of checked rows. |
```

| row-props | `(rowData: object, rowIndex : number) => object` | `undefined` | Customize row attributes. |
| scroll-x | `number \| string` | `undefined` | If columns are horizontal fixed, scroll-x need to be set. |
| single-column | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to display as a column (when true, each column has border-bottom). |
| single-line | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to display as a line (when true, each row has border-bottom). |
| size | `'small' \| 'medium' \| 'large'` | `'medium'` | Table size. |
| summary | `CreateSummary` | `undefined` | Data of table summary row. For types, see <n-a href="#CreateSummary-Type">CreateSummary Type</n-a>. |
| table-layout | `'auto' \| 'fixed'` | `'auto'` | Style `table-layout` of the table. When `ellpisis` or `max-height` are set, it will always be `'fixed'` regardless of what you set. |
| virtual-scroll | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to use virtual scroll to deal with large data. Make sure `max-height` is set before using it. |
| on-update:checked-row-keys | `(keys: Array<string \| number>) => void` | `undefined` | The callback function triggered when the checked-row-keys value changes. |

> | on-update:filters | `(filters: { [string \| number]: Array<string \| number> \| string \| number }, initiatorColumn: Column)` | The callback function triggered when the filters data changes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| on-update:filters | `(filters: { [string \| number]: Array<string \| number> \| string \| number }, initiatorColumn: Column)` | `undefined` |The callback function triggered when the filters data changes. |
```

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | clearFilters | `() => void` | Clear all filter data |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| clearFilters | `() => void` | Clear all filter state. |
```

> | clearSorter | `() => void` | Clear all sort data |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| clearSorter | `() => void` | Clear all sort state. |
```

| filters | `(filters: { [string \| number]: Array<string \| number> \| string \| number }) => void` | Set the active filters of the table. |

> | page | `(page: number) => void` | Manually set page |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| page | `(page: number) => void` | Manually set the page. |
```

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| align | `'left' \| 'right' \| 'center'` | `'left'` | Text align in column. |
| children | `Column[]` | `undefined` | Child nodes of a grouped column. |
| className | `string` | `undefined` | Class name of the column. |

> | colSpan | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => number` | `undefined` | The number of cells in the column. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| colSpan | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => number` | `undefined` | The col span of the column cell. |
```

| defaultFilterOptionValue | `string \| number \| null` | `null` | The default active filter option value in uncontrolled manner. (works when not using multiple filters). |
| defaultFilterOptionValues | `Array<string \| number>` | `[]` | The default active filter option values in uncontrolled manner. (works when there are multiple filters). |
| defaultSortOrder | `'descend' \| 'ascend' \| false` | `false` | The default sort order of the table in uncontrolled manner. |

> | disabled | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => boolean` | `() => false` | Whether to disable the row. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disabled | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => boolean` | `() => false` | Whether the row is checkable. |
```

| renderFilterMenu | `() => VNodeChild` | `undefined` | Render function of column filter menu. |
| renderFilterIcon | `(options: { active: boolean, show: boolean }) => VNodeChild` | `undefined` | Render function of column filter icon. |
| renderFilter | `(options: { active: boolean, show: boolean }) => VNodeChild` | `undefined` | Render function of column filter trigger. |
| rowSpan | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => number` | `undefined` | The row span of the cell. |
| sortOrder | `'descend' \| 'ascend' \| false` | `undefined` | The controlled sort order of the column. If multiple columns' sortOrder is set, the first one will affect. |
| sorter | `boolean \| function \| 'default'` | `false` | The sorter of the column. If set `'default'`, it will use a basic builtin compare function. If set to `true`, it will only display sort icon on the column, which can be used in async status. Otherwise it works like `Array.sort`'s compare function. |
| title | `string \| (() => VNodeChild)` | `undefined` | Column title, Can be a render function. |
| titleRowSpan | `number` | `undefined` | The number of cells occupied by the title row. |

> | type | `'selection' \| 'expand'` | `undefined` | Column type |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| type | `'selection' \| 'expand'` | `undefined` | Column type. |
```

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| align | `'left' \| 'right' \| 'center'` | `'left'` | Text align in column |
| children | `Column[]` | `undefined` | Child nodes of a grouped column |
| className | `string` | `undefined` | Class name of the column |
| colSpan | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => number` | `undefined` | The number of cells in the column |
| defaultFilterOptionValue | `string \| number \| null` | `null` | The default active filter option value in uncontrolled manner. (works when not using multiple filters) |
| defaultFilterOptionValues | `Array<string \| number>` | `[]` | The default active filter option values in uncontrolled manner. (works when there are multiple filters) |
| defaultSortOrder | `'descend' \| 'ascend' \| false` | `false` | The default sort order of the table in uncontrolled manner |

> | disabled | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => boolean` | `() => false` | Whether to disable |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disabled | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => boolean` | `() => false` | Whether to disable the row. |
```

> | ellipsis | `boolean \| EllipsisProps` | `false` | Whether to display when the text overflows... |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ellipsis | `boolean \| EllipsisProps` | `false` | Ellipsis options when content overflows. |
```

| expandable | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => boolean` | `undefined` | Whethe the row is expandable. Only works when `type` is `'expand'`. |
| filter | `boolean \| (optionValue: string \| number, rowData: object) => boolean \| 'default'` | `false` | The filter of the column. If set to `true`, it will only display filter button on the column, which can be used in async status. |

> | filterMode | `'and' \| 'or'` | `'or'` | he same column filter method is and or or |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| filterMode | `'and' \| 'or'` | `'or'` | The filter mode. |
```

> | filterMultiple | `boolean` | `true` | Can the same column filter multiple |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| filterMultiple | `boolean` | `true` | Can the column filtered by multiple values. |
```

| filterOptionValue | `string \| number \| null` | `undefined` | The active filter option value in controlled manner. If not set, the filter of the column works in an uncontrolled manner. (works when not using multiple filters) |
| filterOptionValues | `Array<string \| number> \| null` | `undefined` | The active filter option values in controlled manner. If not set, the filter of the column works in an uncontrolled manner. (works when there are multiple filters) |

> | filterOptions | `Array<{ label: string, value: string \| number}>` | `undefined` | filter options data |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| filterOptions | `Array<{ label: string, value: string \| number}>` | `undefined` | Filter options. |
```

| fixed | `'left \| 'right' \| false` | `false` | Whether the column needs to be fixed |
| key | `string \| number` | `undefined` | Unique key of this column, **required** when table's row-key is not set. |
| options | `Array<'all' \| 'none' \| { label: string, key: string \| number, onSelect: (pageData: RowData) => void }>` | `undefined` | Options of custom selection. Only work with `type='selection'` |
| render | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => VNodeChild` | `undefined` | Render function of column row cell. |
| renderExpand | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => VNodeChild` | `undefined` | Render function of the expand area. Only works when `type` is `'expand'`. |
| renderFilterMenu | `() => VNodeChild` | `undefined` | Render function of column filter menu. |
| renderFilterIcon | `(options: { active: boolean, show: boolean }) => VNodeChild` | `undefined` | Render function of column filter icon. |
| renderFilter | `(options: { active: boolean, show: boolean }) => VNodeChild` | `undefined` | Render function of column filter trigger. |

> | rowSpan | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => number` | `undefined` | The number of cells in the row |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| rowSpan | `(rowData: object, rowIndex: number) => number` | `undefined` | The row span of the cell. |
```

| sortOrder | `'descend' \| 'ascend' \| false` | `undefined` | The controlled sort order of the column. If multiple columns' sortOrder is set, the first one will affect. |
| sorter | `boolean \| function \| 'default'` | `false` | The sorter of the column. If set `'default'`, it will use a basic builtin compare function. If set to `true`, it will only display sort icon on the column, which can be used in async status. Otherwise it works like `Array.sort`'s compare function. |

> | title | `string \| (() => VNodeChild)` | `undefined` | Column title information, Can be a render function. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| title | `string \| (() => VNodeChild)` | `undefined` | Column title, Can be a render function. |
```
